fix: check teams found by slug and default to a search if we do not find them (#2535)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: news/team-by-name-2535.rst

**Added:**

* <news item>

**Changed:**

* <news item>

**Deprecated:**

* <news item>

**Removed:**

* <news item>

**Fixed:**

> * Do not use team name as slug when trying to find feedstock teams. (#2535)

Author: ```suggestion
* fix: check teams found by slug and default to a search if we do not find them (#2535)
```
